Don't run I'm here
Um, I'm sorry, Mr. Gu
I got a little too emotional.
Everyone else just cares about my money
You are the first person who truly cares about my life
By the way, you just said you were hiding something from me.
And what did you say when I fainted?
It's over, I missed the point.
How should it be round now?
I mean
I still have a lot of work to report to you.
That and that, me, my salary
I want to go up a little more
Little money fan
Go back and triple it for you.
Mr. Gu checked the brake pads on the car
Did you do something on purpose?
Second uncle actually has the guts to mess with my car
You take the brake pads to the judicial authority
Make sure he stays in prison for the rest of his life
I'm going to kill him.
I can't die
Hey, the rich and powerful have many grudges.
That's not necessarily a good thing.
Well, Mr. Gu
I'll go to the bathroom to deal with that first.
Xiaoxiao Yiling
What are you doing here?
My boss and I are on a business trip.
I didn't expect it to be Jiang Yi who was on a business trip with Gu Yunting
Ling, he won't say anything to Gu Yunting, will he?
Ah, I heard your boss was in an accident.
How is he now?
He's all right.
Just a little injury
But how did you know my boss was in an accident?
Uh-huh.
I read on the news
The head of Story Group was involved in a car accident
It made headlines.
Xiao Xiao, you are so strange
You don't care about the injury of one of my girlfriends.
Concerned about my boss
You didn't come to the hospital to see me, did you?
I came to the hospital to visit a former colleague
Just happened to meet you
See you alive and kicking
I know you're okay.
You care about your boss because you are afraid that he will get hurt.
I didn't expect you to be busy with work
But fortunately, Mr. Gu was there to protect me
I don't think anything happened
Protect you, nothing happened between the two of you, right?
What could happen between me and him?
Hey, it's just that I have to work harder in the future.
To repay the boss
Let you